I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both us
Some day I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us
Ever thought about losing it?
When your money's all gone and you lose your whip
You might lose your grip when the landlord tell ya that you're due for rent
And the grass so green on the other side.
Make a n-gga wanna run staight through the fence
Open up the fridge 'bout 20 times, but still can't find no food in
That's foolishness.
And sometimes I wonder, why we care so much about the way we look,
And the way we talk and the way we act, and the clothes we bought,
How much that cost?
Does it even really matter? Cause life is an uphill battle
We all tryna climb with the same old ladder, in the same boat,
With the same old paddle.
Why so shallow? I'm just asking. What's the pattern for this madness?
Everybody ain't a number one draft pick,
Most of us ain't hollywood actors.
But if it's all for one, and one for all,
Then maybe one day, we all can ball.
Do it one time for the underdogs,
Sincerely yours, from one of yours.
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both us
Some day I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us
I can feel your pain, I can feel your struggle
You just wanna live, been everythiing's so low that you could drown in a
That's why I gotta hold us up, yeah hold us up,
For all the times no one's ever spoke for us.
To every single time that they play this song,
You can say that that's what Bobby Ray wrote for us.
When the tides get too high snd the sea upon your knees get so deep
And you feel like you're just another person getting lost in the crowd,
Where your partner, no please, uh, because we won't be near yet
Both of us.
But we still stand tall with our shoulders up
And even though we always a chance to us
These are the things that've molded us and if life hadn't chosen us
Sometimes I wonder where woulda wind up
Cause if it was up to me, I'd make a new blueprint
Feel better from the ground up, hey
But if it's all for one, and one for all
Then maybe one day, we all could ball
Do it one time for the underdogs
From Bobby Ray, to all of y'all
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both us
Some day I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us
Ooohhh ooohhh